https://redhat.atlassian.net/browse/ACM-31308 separating more files part 3 (#8884)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: observability/obs_suppress_alerts.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[#suppress-alerts]
= Suppressing alerts

[role="_abstract"]
Suppress {acm-short} alerts across your clusters globally that are less severe. Suppress alerts by defining an inhibition rule in the `alertmanager-config` in the `open-cluster-management-observability` namespace. 

.Procedure

. Mute an alert when there is a set of parameter matches that match another set of existing matchers. In order for the rule to take effect, both the target and source alerts must have the same label values for the label names in the `equal` list. Your `inhibit_rules` might resemble the following:

[source,yaml]
----
global:
  resolve_timeout: 1h
inhibit_rules:
  - equal:
      - namespace

>     source_match:<2>

Reviewer: Check all YAML for these: <2> line 20 

I may have missed some.

Author: Thanks! Great catch here. I'll double check other files too

      severity: critical
    target_match_re:
      severity: warning|info
----
* The `inhibit_rules` parameter section is defined to look for alerts in the same namespace. When a `critical` alert is initiated within a namespace and if there are any other alerts that contain the severity level `warning` or `info` in that namespace, only the `critical` alerts are routed to the Alertmanager receiver. The following alerts might be displayed when there are matches:

+
----
ALERTS{alertname="foo", namespace="ns-1", severity="critical"}
ALERTS{alertname="foo", namespace="ns-1", severity="warning"}
----

> - If the value of the `source_match` and `target_match_re` parameters do not match, the alert is routed to the receiver:

Reviewer: If this is a bullet, best to use * like line 33. (?)

Author: Yea, I missed this. It is the second callout

> 
> [source,yaml]
> ----
> global:
>   resolve_timeout: 1h
> inhibit_rules:
>   - equal:
>       - namespace
>     source_match:<2>
>       severity: critical
>     target_match_re:
>       severity: warning|info
> ----
> * The `inhibit_rules` parameter section is defined to look for alerts in the same namespace. When a `critical` alert is initiated within a namespace and if there are any other alerts that contain the severity level `warning` or `info` in that namespace, only the `critical` alerts are routed to the Alertmanager receiver. The following alerts might be displayed when there are matches:
> 
> +
> ----
> ALERTS{alertname="foo", namespace="ns-1", severity="critical"}
> ALERTS{alertname="foo", namespace="ns-1", severity="warning"}
> ----
> 
> - If the value of the `source_match` and `target_match_re` parameters do not match, the alert is routed to the receiver:
> 
> +
> ----
> ALERTS{alertname="foo", namespace="ns-1", severity="critical"}
> ALERTS{alertname="foo", namespace="ns-2", severity="warning"}
> ----

Author: ```suggestion

[source,yaml]
----
global:
  resolve_timeout: 1h
inhibit_rules:
  - equal:
      - namespace
    source_match
      severity: critical
    target_match_re:
      severity: warning|info
----
* The `inhibit_rules` parameter section is defined to look for alerts in the same namespace. When a `critical` alert is initiated within a namespace and if there are any other alerts that contain the severity level `warning` or `info` in that namespace, only the `critical` alerts are routed to the Alertmanager receiver. The following alerts might be displayed when there are matches:

+
----
ALERTS{alertname="foo", namespace="ns-1", severity="critical"}
ALERTS{alertname="foo", namespace="ns-1", severity="warning"}
----

* If the value of the `source_match` and `target_match_re` parameters do not match, the alert is routed to the receiver:

+
----
ALERTS{alertname="foo", namespace="ns-1", severity="critical"}
ALERTS{alertname="foo", namespace="ns-2", severity="warning"}
----
```

> . To view suppressed alerts in {acm-short}, enter the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. View suppressed alerts in {acm-short}. Run the following command:
```

Reviewer: make these imperative if they are steps. It's best to start with the verb.
